# Disclaimer

This whitepaper sets out the current and future developments of G360DAO in all its aspects. The whitepaper is made available solely for the purpose of providing information and is not a statement of future intent. The information contained in this whitepaper has not been approved by any regulatory authority. This whitepaper may be amended, updated, or otherwise modified at any time. Unless expressly specified otherwise, the products, services and innovations set out in this paper are currently under development and are not currently in deployment. In publishing this whitepaper, the core contributors and any other individuals make no warranties or representations of any kind, including with respect to the successfully achieving the development or implementation of the technologies, innovations, or any other activities noted in this whitepaper, and to the maximum extent permitted by law, any warranties implied by law or otherwise are hereby disclaimed.

The information contained in this whitepaper, and any inferences drawn from it or from any interaction with the core contributors, contractors, representatives, or the technologies described in this whitepaper, must not be relied upon by any person. The core contributors, contractors, and representatives hereby disclaim all liability for any indirect, consequential, special, incidental, or other losses of any kind in tort, contract, or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of income, profits, revenue, or data), whether foreseeable or not, which may arise from any person acting on any information and opinions relating to the content contained in this whitepaper, G360DAO, or any information which is made available in connection with any further inquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default, or lack of care.

While every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained in this whitepaper (including but not limited to all statements, opinions, forecasts, or projections, whether expressed or implied), we make no guarantee that the information in this whitepaper is accurate, complete, or up to date. The whitepaper also contains links and references to external sources, which are provided for the purpose of convenience. Any linked sites are accessed entirely at your own risk and we do not endorse or recommend any material on any linked sites or any material accessible from any linked sites. The plans and projections mentioned in this paper may not be achieved, either in part or in whole, due to multiple risk factors such as (without limitation): changes in legislation or regulation, defects in technology developments, corporate actions, market or sector volatility, or the unavailability of complete and accurate information. In the event that changes to legislation or regulations make it illegal or commercially unviable to operate in a particular jurisdiction, some or all plans and/or technologies described in this whitepaper may not be deliverable to, or may cease to be offered to, users in certain jurisdictions.&#x20;

Within G360DAO, there will explicitly be no employment contracts. Contributors will participate in a personal capacity, for example as a private individual who receives a fee for supplying functionality or as an entrepreneur who undertakes business for his own account and risk. Paying taxes on income from work is the responsibility of contributors themselves. Of course, the DAO will pay any applicable sales and/or corporate taxes. G360DAO will initially be deployed on the Gnosis network. As such, the functionality and the governance of these protocols falls under the control of third parties, and the parties operating these respective protocols are accountable for any malfunction or adverse changes to these protocols which may negatively affect G360DAO token. Other risks, such as majority mining power attacks, double-spend attacks, or advances in quantum computing may compromise the security and usability of these protocols and, by extension, the security and usability of G360DAO token.&#x20;

This whitepaper is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable laws or regulations. This whitepaper is not a prospectus or offer document of any kind and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. The content contained in this whitepaper should not be interpreted as professional financial, tax, legal, or business advice, nor as a provision for any type of advice. By accessing this whitepaper, the recipient acknowledges that they have read and understood this disclaimer and agrees to be bound by the limitations stipulated in this disclaimer.
